
The Python code provided is a script for automating the process of sending personalized emails with attachments to recipients listed in an Excel file. 
It uses the smtplib library to send emails and pandas for reading the Excel file. The script includes two main functions:
send_email: 
This function constructs an email message with the specified subject, sender, recipient, and attachments. 
It then uses the smtplib library to establish a connection to the SMTP server, 
logs in with the provided credentials, and sends the email with the attachments to the recipient.
send_emails_from_excel:
This function reads an Excel file using pandas, iterates through the rows, retrieves the PDF name and recipient's email address, 
constructs the attachment path, and calls the send_email function to send the email with the attachment to the recipient. 
It repeats this process for each row in the Excel file.
The script demonstrates how to automate the process of sending bulk personalized emails with attachments, such as reports, invoices, or documents, 
to a list of recipients. 
It can be useful for scenarios where emails need to be sent based on specific elements within an Excel spreadsheet.
The example usage provided at the end of the script showcases how to call the send_emails_from_excel function to send emails to recipients listed in the Excel file.
Overall, the script provides a practical way to automate the process of sending personalized emails with attachments to multiple recipients using Python.
If you need further details or have specific questions about the code, feel free to ask!
-----------------------------------------------------------------
The provided Python code is a script for sending emails with attachments to recipients listed in an Excel file. 
Here's a breakdown of the main functions and operations in the code:
send_email(smtp_server, smtp_port, username, password, sender, recipient, attachments): 
This function takes the SMTP server, port, sender's username and password, sender's email address, 
recipient's email address, and a list of attachments as input. 
It then constructs an email message with the specified subject, sender, recipient, and attachments. 
It uses the smtplib library to establish a connection to the SMTP server, logs in with the provided credentials, and sends the email with the attachments to the recipient.
send_emails_from_excel(excel_file, smtp_server, smtp_port, username, password, sender): 
This function reads an Excel file using pandas, iterates through the rows, and for each row, it retrieves the PDF name and recipient's email address. 
It then constructs the attachment path, calls the send_email function to send the email with the attachment to the recipient, 
and repeats this process for each row in the Excel file.
Example usage: 
This block of code provides an example usage of the send_emails_from_excel function, where the SMTP server, port, username, password, 
sender's email address, and the path to the Excel file are specified. 
It calls the send_emails_from_excel function to send emails to recipients listed in the Excel file.
The script effectively automates the process of sending personalized emails with attachments to recipients listed in an Excel file. 
It uses the smtplib library for sending emails and pandas for reading the Excel file.
The code demonstrates how to read data from an Excel file, construct personalized emails with attachments, and send them to multiple recipients using Python.
This script can be useful for automating the process of sending bulk personalized emails with attachments, such as sending reports, invoices, 
or documents to a list of recipients.