The provided code is a Python script that uses the PyMuPDF library to split a PDF file based on specific text found on each page.
 Here's a breakdown of the main functions and operations in the code:
import fitz, re, os, pandas: The script imports the necessary libraries, including fitz for working with PDFs and pandas for handling Excel files.
extract_text_from_pdf(pdf_path):
 This function takes a PDF file path as input and extracts the text from each page of the PDF. 
It then removes spaces from the extracted text and returns the concatenated text.
split_pdf_by_document_names(pdf_path, excel_file, output_directory, image_path): 
This function takes the PDF file path, an Excel file containing document names, an output directory path, and an image path as input. 
It then iterates through each page of the PDF, extracts the text from the page, and checks if the document names from the Excel file are present in the extracted text.
If a document name is found, it creates a new PDF document, inserts the corresponding page, adds an image to the page,
 and saves the new PDF document with the document name and page number.
It also updates a DataFrame with the split PDF names and email addresses, and saves the DataFrame to a new Excel file. 
Finally, it identifies document names that were not found in the PDF and prints them.
if name == 'main': 
This block of code sets the input paths for the PDF, Excel file, output directory, and image, and then calls the split_pdf_by_document_names function with these inputs.
The script effectively splits the PDF based on the presence of specific document names on each page, adds an image to the split pages, 
and creates a new Excel file with the split PDF names and email addresses.
The script uses the PyMuPDF library for PDF processing and pandas for Excel file manipulation. 
It demonstrates how to automate the process of splitting a PDF file based on specific text and organizing the split files and related data.
This code can be useful for automating the extraction and organization of specific content from large PDF documents based on predefined criteria.